stretch goal foosball training system
there are two hooks three Springs and a
barrier bar let's take the two hooks
hook them on to the spring with one band
put one hook between the defense of two
men on the two-man rod and the other end
between the first and second man the
three man offensive rod take both rods
and push them away from you then let's
install the barrier bar simply rotate
the defensive toes up and stick the bar
lock and into one of the toe holes and
then back to stop her into the other toe
hole and twist the bar lock into place
to wear this barrier bar is firm flip
that down and now you're completely
installed all for beginners a pull shot
is simply or use this one man to pull
the ball across the goal and kick it in
like that that's why I will demonstrate
right now with the springs in place
notice that the defender came over to
block me but I was just passing out once
I beat level one I want to move on I'll
just look at the springs here a little
more closely so if I this again
represents level one spring two
represents the level two level three you
put both Springs one and two together
level four is the for spring by itself
five is
four plus one six is four plus two and
level 7 is 4 plus two plus one so you
just add the bands together to get the
level I will go ahead and demonstrate
with level four to show that it can be
quite a bit quicker when you move up in
levels so here's a level four shot
notice that that time I didn't shoot the
shot fast enough and this guy beat me
that's the point
is that you you get better by trying to
beat this guy so let me try harder this
time to speed make a level four shot to
get through all all seven levels and you
want to move up to the higher levels you
actually move the spring to a different
position you move it down to between the
second and third three men and then
between the last man on two men rod and
the bumper as you can see it's a lot
more stretch this position here gives
you five more level points so a four
there plus the five due to its position
gives you nine three plus the five
that's here's eight five and the five
there's ten seven plus the five is a
level 12 level one is fairly easy
beginner level and level twelve as far
as I know is darn near impossible
I've never beat it maybe you can please
let me know if you do and good luck
just simply
tip up you're going in put it in that
little hole push down and then slide it
into place basically what this does is
leaves the corners open and forces you
to shoot into these spots here for
example is a pull shot here's a push
shot here's the snake to the near side
here's a snake to the far side far side
pull there's a near side push here's a
push kick here's a pull kick the holes
are also wide enough to angle angle
shots